2018 10 11 11:22
    I made a that vix term structure bet, and didn't super lose on it, thankfully. We got out of our VXX calls at 3.35 (entered at like .67). They're trading rn at 4.25. Sometimes I think I should just hold on until expiry but that's just not right. The point of a hedge is to markdown lower losses, not to watch it whip around while you're sitting on your already grievous losses. I need to remember: this VXX hedge is for gamma capture, not delta exposure. \

    Speaking of deltas, we sold out of our VXX position for a wash. Not upset. I guess the market isn't as explosive as I had suspected previously.

    I think I'm gonna look into VXX puts for nov/dec. I think it could be worth the contango yield if I buy them now, while it's in backwardation. I put in a .95 bid for a 5 lot of the dec 26. Watching this thing sail up is making me anxious.

    Elsewise, this weeks losses look like another grand or so. We're down ~15% since inception. I'm entertaining the idea of a more, well, long tail risk strategy. Like buying way otm calls/puts trading at practical parity. I'll have to think about it. This strategy, if we slip into a bear market,  will not work.

    I think the name for this strategy is gonna be the double click strategy. It's how I've explained it to my friends so far. The first click is when we the puts hit max loss, the second click is when the VXX call gets super sick. Maybe we should lean more on the VXX. Instead of leaning on ev of the put spreads, we lean on ev of the VXX calls. Ugh, that's even dirtier in a soft bear market. Vol's already high now. I think the pricing would be terrible. Whatever. I've got to stop selling out so fucking early of things. 
