2018 10 10 23:07
    Today opened with losses. The market took a tumble.
    We lost on NFLX 355/352.5 sold put spread for Oct12 and an AMZN put spread of similar value. Our VXX hedge kicked in, which is good, halving our losses, again, like last week (lost on NVDA, NFLX).
    Beginning to think selling options might take a larger sample size, haha. Lost on a butterfly on SPY too - which brings me too my next point - something interesting is happening with VIX term structure.
    Look, I know like maybe five things, but one is that backwardation in the VIX would be fucking killer for our position. We're long VXX 31 calls (up 750% today {sometimes I consider over hedging, but I shouldn't. This helped us a lot. No reason to be greedy}).
    Speaking of being greedy, I want to make back the losses. As is the fund is operating as it should. The hedge wasn't priced well (I should of bought more) but the proof of concept is there. We're long six sigma, but we should probably pay a little bit more in terms of our long vxx. When the market has a bad day, we make a fucking ton, if we're clever.

    To that end, I longed us on some VXX (at 34, 50 shares). This I did for two reasons. If volatility collapses tomorrow, and the market stays flat, we're fucked. I concede that. I also would like to point out that the chances of that happening are really low. The likely things are a.) the market _continues_ to fall and our vxx position hits it out of the park or b.) the market swings back (and volatility still being high) we start to see some sick comebacks from our tech, and long vol doesn't hurt all too bad.

    I'm thinking option b is likely *and the reason I put on the extra long UL VXX trade I did* because the term structure's shifting that way. This is what happened before salmon brothers. This is what happened before Feb 2018. If this works out, I'll have discovered what I care about (_markets_) and will know what I want to do (_trade_). Today I made good trades. Let's see how good past term structures are at predicting what's next.

    If history rhymes here, poetry'll be my new favorite thing.
