### Hellloooo - long time no see.

It's been an exciting past few days, oh yes it has.

Monday (yesterday) you put on a amd call because of a wsb post about a potential e3 announcement. Cool. Not the best source of fundamentals but w/e. Here's how that went:
    1. Want long delta in AMD. Go for the 36 call expiry June 21. Great.
    2. Want to hedge semiconductor exposure. Short call spread NVDA. Great. Nice, reasonable hedge.
    3. Start losing money on the hedge. THinketh rory: OH NO!
    4. Buy back the front leg of the spread, enjoy the super long delta. Lose 8 dollars on closed leg.
    5. Enjoy that for like 15 mins. Start bleeding money.
    6. close out the NVDA. Nice hedge.
        - NB: If you have a hedge, and you lose money on it, that's the point. It's a fucking hedge.
        - Look, if you have a good idea, put it in action. After that though, try and abstain from following it up with subsequent bad ideas.
    7. Hold AMD over night.
    8. Opens lower, lose on deltas. Very sad!


Today was better. BYND dropped like 20%, vol was extended, and it was a great time to sell a call spread. Went with the 145/150, got it off at 1.25 and bought it back intraday for .64. Such a steal. The bad part of the decision quality was I risked my whole account. I think the trade was really good but I put myself in a place I could have blown up. That's a big no no. I think I'm going to have to stick with going long stocks for now, and picking up short vol plays later. You know, when I can afford the short gamma haha.
    - all in all, good trade decision quality just really bad portfolio management.

Lastly, heard a parable. Let's say you bought a call on a stock you're bullish. Then it starts tearing so you buy some more calls. You end up getting in for an average price of 1.25. Then it really rockets.

The stock rallies, hard. You start unwinding your position. By the time you're flat, you're out at an average price of 3.65. Tidy.

You keep an eye on it the rest day. The same call closes bid at 6.05. Here's the question. What did you do wrong?

-------------

Answer? Not a _fucking_ thing.
